refactor(curriculum): updating step 22 of stats calculator project (#54312)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-advanced-array-methods-by-building-a-statistics-calculator/6618abf6368d073f0f659780.md

---
id: 6618abf6368d073f0f659780
title: Step 25
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-25
---

# --description--

> Now that you have a better understanding on how to get the median for odd and even lists of numbers, you can remove all of your test code from the last few steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have a better understanding of how to find the median for odd and even lists of numbers, you can remove all your test code from the previous steps.
```
